feat: add C `ndarray` API and refactor `blas/ext/base/dnanasumors` (#2982)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/base/dnanasumors/docs/repl.txt

    > {{alias}}( N, x1, stride )
    5.0

{{alias}}.ndarray( N, x, strideX, offsetX )
    Computes the sum of absolute values (L1 norm) of double-precision floating-
    point strided array elements, ignoring `NaN` values and using ordinary
    recursive summation alternative indexing semantics.

    While typed array views mandate a view offset based on the underlying

>     buffer, offset parameter support indexing semantics based on starting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    buffer, the offset parameter supports indexing semantics based on a starting
```

Author: @kgryte I don't understand this change. In what context are we removing 'the', 'supports' to 'support' and adding 'a' before 'staring index'?

Reviewer: It needs to be grammatically correct. If there is only a single offset parameter, we say "the offset parameter supports". If there are multiple, then "the offset parameters support".

Your change was not grammatically correct.

Reviewer: In general, the main point behind these changes is to remove the backticks. However, packages in `blas/ext/base` were updated by various GSoC contributors, so no guarantees that things are consistent or don't need a closer look.
